Clarify Explorer lineage state (#4584)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/explore-projects.md

The nodes in the lineage graph represent the project’s resources and the edges represent the relationships between the nodes. Nodes are color-coded and include iconography according to their resource type.

> By default, dbt Explorer shows the project's [applied state](/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state#definition-logical-vs-applied-state-of-dbt-nodes) lineage. That is, models that have successfully been built and are available to query, not those just defined in the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt Explorer shows the project's [applied state](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state#definition-logical-vs-applied-state-of-dbt-nodes) lineage. That is, it shows models that have been successfully built and are available to query, not just the models defined in the project.
```
